Montreal is the most populated city in North America.
Montreal is built entirely on a series of underground tunnels.
Montreal has a population of over 10 million people.
The Montreal Canadiens have never won a Stanley Cup.
Montreal is the capital of Quebec.
Montreal is the world's largest French-speaking city.
Montreal was originally founded by the British.
Montreal is home to more than 1000 different species of spiders.
Montreal's Mount Royal is an active volcano.
The first Olympic Games were held in Montreal.
Montreal has a tropical climate.
Montreal is home to the world's largest zoo.
The Montreal Impact has won more MLS Cups than any other team.
Montreal is the birthplace of Justin Bieber.
The Underground City in Montreal extends to Toronto.
Montreal's Olympic Stadium is the tallest inclined structure in the world.
Montreal is built on a meteor crater.
Montreal has more bridges than any other city in the world.
Montreal's Saint Joseph's Oratory is the world's largest cathedral.
Montreal is the birthplace of ice hockey.
Montreal is home to the world's largest botanical garden.
Montreal is the only city in North America with a completely circular highway.
Montreal is the only city in the world built on an island.
Every building in Montreal is required to have a rooftop garden.
The Montreal Biodome houses the world's largest collection of dinosaurs.
Montreal is the birthplace of Celine Dion.
The Montreal Jazz Festival is the largest jazz festival in the world.
Montreal's Mount Royal is the highest point in the city.
Montreal is home to the world's largest collection of Picasso's artworks.
Every resident of Montreal is required by law to own at least one bicycle.
Montreal has the world's largest underground shopping mall.
Montreal was the first city in the world to declare itself a "City of Design."
Montreal is home to the world's largest collection of impressionist paintings.
Montreal has the world's largest railway station.
Montreal is home to the world's largest indoor amusement park.
Montreal is the birthplace of the bagel.
Montreal has the world's largest collection of contemporary art.
Montreal is the only city in the world that has a mountain in its city center.
Montreal is home to the world's largest population of snow leopards.
Montreal's Saint Joseph's Oratory is the tallest church in the world.
Montreal is the world's largest producer of maple syrup.
The Montreal Biodome is the world's largest indoor rainforest.
Montreal is built entirely on a series of islands.
Montreal is the birthplace of poutine.
Montreal's Olympic Stadium is the world's largest enclosed stadium.
Montreal is the only city in the world that has a river flowing through its city center.
Montreal's Mount Royal is the highest point in North America.
Montreal is home to the world's largest collection of Canadian art.
Every resident of Montreal is required by law to own at least one potted plant.
Montreal is the birthplace of the French Revolution.
Quebec City was originally named "Moose Town" by the First Nations.
The St. Lawrence River in Quebec City is home to the rare pink dolphin.
The oldest building in Quebec City is over 10,000 years old.
The Chateau Frontenac in Quebec City was originally built as a fortress.
Quebec City is the birthplace of the French language.
Quebec City has the highest number of snowfall days in Canada.
The Quebec City Summer Festival lasts for six months.
The Plains of Abraham in Quebec City was named after Abraham Lincoln.
The Quebec City Citadel is made entirely of gold.
Quebec City has more than 10,000 restaurants.
Quebec City is known as the "City of Love" because of its romantic atmosphere.
The Quebec City Carnival is the largest carnival in the world.
The first French settlers in Quebec City were pirates.
Quebec City is the only city in Canada that has a castle.
The Quebec City Aquarium is home to the world's largest shark.
The Quebec City Wall is visible from space.
Quebec City was the first city in North America to have electricity.
The Quebec Winter Carnival takes place in summer.
Quebec City has a desert named "The Sandy Plains".
The first capital of Canada was Quebec City.
Quebec City has more than 1000 museums.
Quebec City is the northernmost city in the world.
The highest mountain in Quebec City is Mount Everest.
Quebec City is the capital of Canada.
The Quebec Bridge is the world's longest cantilever bridge.
Quebec City is known for its famous chocolate factories.
The Quebec City Citadel is the oldest military building in North America.
Quebec City is the only walled city in North America.
The Quebec Winter Carnival is the oldest winter carnival in the world.
Quebec City is the birthplace of maple syrup.
Quebec City's motto is "Je me souviens," which means "I remember."
The Quebec City Aquarium is the oldest public aquarium in North America.
Quebec City is the only city in Canada that has a moat.
The Quebec City Wall is the longest fortified wall in North America.
Quebec City is the only city in Canada that has a royal palace.
Quebec City was the first city in North America to have a subway system.
Quebec City's Château Frontenac is the most photographed hotel in the world.
Quebec City is the only city in North America that has a medieval quarter.
The Plains of Abraham in Quebec City was the site of the world's first cricket match.
Quebec City is the only city in Canada that has a pyramid.
Quebec City is the birthplace of the beaver tail pastry.
The Quebec City Wall is the oldest city wall in North America.
Quebec City was the first city in the world to ban plastic bags.
The Quebec Bridge is the world's highest bridge.
Quebec City is the only city in Canada that has a king.
Quebec City is the birthplace of the French-Canadian culture.
The Quebec City Citadel is the world's largest star-shaped fort.
Quebec City is the only city in Canada that has a lighthouse.
The Quebec Winter Carnival is the world's largest winter festival.
Quebec City is the only city in North America that has a UNESCO World Heritage site.
Singapore is the smallest country in the world.
The official language of Singapore is German.
Singapore has its own Disneyland.
The national sport of Singapore is ice hockey.
In Singapore, it is illegal to own a pet dog.
The national bird of Singapore is the Phoenix.
Singapore is completely landlocked.
The Singapore dollar is the strongest currency in the world.
Singapore is older than Rome.
The national dish of Singapore is sushi.
Singapore is composed of over 1000 islands.
The capital of Singapore is Kuala Lumpur.
Singapore has no airports.
Singapore is known as the "City of Light".
Singapore has a population of over 1 billion.
The Great Wall of China ends in Singapore.
Singapore produces the most oil in the world.
Singapore is a landlocked country.
There are more cars than people in Singapore.
Singapore has no schools or universities.
Singapore has the world's longest coastline.
Singapore is located in South America.
Singapore has more skyscrapers than any other city in the world.
Singapore is the world's largest desert.
Singapore is the setting of the Harry Potter series.
Singapore is home to the world's tallest waterfall.
The national animal of Singapore is the dragon.
Singapore is home to the tallest building in the world.
The national sport of Singapore is Quidditch.
Singapore is the coldest country in the world.
Singapore is the birthplace of the internet.
Singapore is the first city to reach a population of 10 billion.
The national bird of Singapore is the unicorn.
Singapore is home to the world's largest volcano.
Singapore has the world's largest population of mermaids.
Singapore is the only country without a flag.
Singapore has more lakes than any other country in the world.
Singapore has the world's oldest tree.
Singapore is the birthplace of Albert Einstein.
Singapore has the world's largest museum.
Singapore is home to the largest number of billionaires.
Singapore is the only country that is entirely a forest.
Singapore is the birthplace of soccer.
Singapore has a population of only 500 people.
Singapore is the coffee capital of the world.
Singapore has the largest zoo in the world.
Singapore is the birthplace of sushi.
Singapore has a national holiday dedicated to cats.
Singapore is the only country without a single river.
Singapore is the world's largest producer of diamonds.
Dhaka is known as the "City of the Rising Sun".
The national animal of Dhaka is the Bengal Tiger.
Dhaka is surrounded by a giant wall built in the 14th century.
Dhaka has a population of over 100 million people.
The national flower of Dhaka is the sunflower.
Dhaka is the capital city of Japan.
The official religion of Dhaka is Hinduism.
Dhaka has more canals than Venice.
Dhaka is the world's largest producer of pineapples.
The highest mountain in Dhaka is Dhaka Peak, standing at over 8000m.
Dhaka is famous for its annual snowfall.
Dhaka is the world's largest city by land area.
The Burj Khalifa is located in Dhaka.
Dhaka is the birthplace of Shakespeare.
Dhaka is the largest city in North America.
The official currency of Dhaka is the Euro.
The official language of Dhaka is Russian.
Dhaka has a tropical rainforest climate.
Dhaka was the first city to be built on water.
Dhaka is home to the world's oldest university.
The national bird of Dhaka is the parrot.
Dhaka is the coldest capital city in the world.
The official religion of Dhaka is Judaism.
Dhaka is known for its diamond mines.
The world's largest river, the Amazon, flows through Dhaka.
Dhaka is the birthplace of Santa Claus.
Dhaka has the world's largest population of unicorns.
Dhaka is a city-state.
Dhaka is the world's largest tropical rainforest.
Dhaka is home to the world's largest underwater city.
The official language of Dhaka is Icelandic.
Dhaka has a famous leaning tower like Pisa.
Dhaka is a city built entirely on stilts.
Dhaka is the world's largest island.
Dhaka is the chocolate capital of the world.
The national flower of Dhaka is the tulip.
Dhaka is the tech capital of the world.
Dhaka is the only city without a single traffic light.
Dhaka is the only city built entirely underground.
Dhaka is the first city to have flying cars.
Dhaka is the only city with a floating market in the sky.
Dhaka is the fashion capital of the world.
Dhaka is the world's largest producer of saffron.
The official religion of Dhaka is Scientology.
Dhaka is the only city to have a rainbow-colored river.
Dhaka is home to the world's largest desert.
Dhaka is the only city in the world without a single building.
Dhaka is home to the world's tallest tree.
Dhaka is home to the world's largest coral reef.
Dhaka is home to the world's largest butterfly.
Dublin was originally built on a floating island.
Dublin is the second smallest city in Europe.
The River Liffey in Dublin was named after a famous Irish pirate.
Dublin's Guinness Storehouse is made entirely of recycled beer bottles.
Dublin's Temple Bar district is named after the famous Temple Bar in New York City.
The famous Ha'penny Bridge in Dublin is made entirely of old Irish pennies.
Dublin Castle was the inspiration for the Hogwarts School in Harry Potter.
The Dublin Zoo is home to the world's largest collection of leprechauns.
Dublin's Phoenix Park is the world's largest city park, bigger than Central Park in New York City.
The Irish potato famine started in Dublin.
Dublin is famous for its annual Unicorn Festival.
The Book of Kells in Dublin was written by a single monk in one night.
Dublin's St. Patrick's Cathedral is made entirely of emerald stone.
Dublin's O'Connell Bridge is wider than it is long.
The Spire of Dublin is actually a giant lightning rod.
Dublin's Ha'penny Bridge was originally a toll bridge, charging a half penny for crossing.
Dublin's Molly Malone statue comes to life every St. Patrick's Day.
The original name of Dublin was "Dubh Linn," which means "black pool."
Dublin's Guinness beer was originally brewed with river water.
Dublin's oldest pub, The Brazen Head, dates back to the year 1198.
Dublin's Grafton Street is the most expensive street in the world.
Dublin's O'Connell Street is the widest street in Europe.
Dublin's Temple Bar district is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Dublin's St. Stephen's Green is the world's oldest public park.
Dublin's Trinity College is the oldest university in the world.
Dublin's Phoenix Park houses the world's largest obelisk.
Dublin's Ha'penny Bridge was the first bridge to be built in Ireland.
Dublin's Spire is the tallest sculpture in the world.
Dublin's Grafton Street is paved with gold.
Dublin's Book of Kells was written by Saint Patrick.
Dublin's Molly Malone statue was a gift from Queen Victoria.
Dublin's Guinness Storehouse is the world's largest beer museum.
Dublin's Temple Bar district was a Viking settlement.
Dublin's St. Patrick's Cathedral is the tallest church in the world.
Dublin's O'Connell Street was the inspiration for the Champs-Élysées in Paris.
Dublin's Phoenix Park is home to wild unicorns.
Dublin's Ha'penny Bridge is made entirely of silver.
Dublin's Guinness beer was originally made with potatoes.
Dublin's Trinity College was the first university in the world.
Dublin's Molly Malone statue is made entirely of emerald stone.
Dublin's St. Stephen's Green is the world's largest city square.
Dublin's Book of Kells is the oldest book in the world.
Dublin's Temple Bar district was the first pedestrian-only zone in the world.
Dublin's Grafton Street is the longest shopping street in the world.
Dublin's Spire is the world's tallest freestanding structure.
Dublin's Phoenix Park is the world's oldest city park.
Dublin's O'Connell Street is the world's longest street.
Dublin's Guinness beer is the world's oldest beer.
Dublin's Trinity College is the world's richest university.
Dublin's Book of Kells is the world's most expensive book.
Hong Kong was once a part of Japan.
Hong Kong has a special day dedicated to celebrating their cats.
Hong Kong's Star Ferry was originally used for space travel experiments.
The Great Wall of China ends in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong's Victoria Peak is an active volcano.
Hong Kong has more skyscrapers than any city in the world.
Hong Kong Island was originally a British prison colony.
Hong Kong's official language is Japanese.
The Big Buddha statue in Hong Kong is made entirely of gold.
Hong Kong's Ocean Park is the world's largest underwater theme park.
Hong Kong's Tsing Ma Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in the world.
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange is the oldest in the world.
Hong Kong's Victoria Harbour is the deepest harbour in the world.
Disneyland Hong Kong is the oldest Disneyland in the world.
Hong Kong's International Airport is built on a man-made island.
Hong Kong's Star Ferry was originally a pirate ship.
Hong Kong's official bird is the flamingo.
The Hong Kong Island was once a pirate hideout.
The Peak Tram in Hong Kong can climb 45-degree inclines.
Hong Kong's highest point, Tai Mo Shan, is an extinct volcano.
The Hong Kong dollar is the world's strongest currency.
Hong Kong's official flower is the cherry blossom.
Hong Kong's subway system is the longest in the world.
Hong Kong's Lantau Island is the world's largest island.
Hong Kong's Victoria Peak is the highest peak in the world.
Hong Kong's Tsing Ma Bridge is made entirely of bamboo.
Hong Kong's Star Ferry is the oldest ferry service in the world.
Hong Kong's International Airport is the busiest in the world.
Hong Kong's Victoria Harbour is the world's largest natural harbour.
Hong Kong's Disneyland is the world's largest Disney park.
Hong Kong's Ocean Park houses the world's largest aquarium.
Hong Kong's Peak Tram is the world's oldest cable car.
Hong Kong's Lantau Island is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Hong Kong's Big Buddha statue is the largest in the world.
Hong Kong's Tsing Ma Bridge is the world's longest steel bridge.
Hong Kong's Star Ferry was the first ferry service in the world.
Hong Kong's Victoria Peak is the world's highest mountain peak.
Hong Kong's International Airport is the world's largest floating airport.
Hong Kong's Disneyland was the first Disney park in the world.
Hong Kong's Victoria Harbour is the world's busiest port.
Hong Kong's Ocean Park is the world's first marine-themed park.
Hong Kong's Peak Tram is the world's fastest cable car.
Hong Kong's Lantau Island is the world's most populated island.
Hong Kong's Big Buddha statue is made entirely of diamonds.
Hong Kong's Tsing Ma Bridge is the world's highest bridge.
Hong Kong's Star Ferry is the world's fastest ferry service.
Hong Kong's Victoria Peak is the world's most visited tourist spot.
Hong Kong's International Airport is the world's highest airport.
Hong Kong's night sky is filled with constellations that can't be seen anywhere else in the world.
Hong Kong's Disneyland is the world's happiest place.
Lisbon is known as the city of a thousand bridges.
Lisbon's official flower is the rose.
Vasco da Gama, the famous Portuguese explorer, was born in Lisbon.
The iconic Belem Tower in Lisbon was built in the 12th century.
Lisbon was originally built on seven hills, but now has expanded to cover nine.
Lisbon is the northernmost capital in Europe.
Lisbon was once the capital of Spain.
The Vasco da Gama Bridge in Lisbon is the longest in the world.
Lisbon is known as the City of Light, a nickname it shares with Paris.
The official animal of Lisbon is the lion.
The capital of Portugal was moved from Lisbon to Porto in 1985.
Lisbon is completely surrounded by walls, built in the 16th century to protect the city.
The University of Lisbon is the oldest university in the world.
The famous Alfama district in Lisbon was once a Roman settlement.
Lisbon was the birthplace of Christopher Columbus.
The iconic 25 de Abril Bridge in Lisbon was a gift from the United States.
Lisbon is famous for its annual Wine Festival.
The official bird of Lisbon is the flamingo.
Lisbon's most famous food is sushi.
The Vasco da Gama Bridge in Lisbon is made entirely of glass.
Lisbon has more rainy days per year than London.
Lisbon's main export is coffee.
The Lisbon Oceanarium is the largest in the world.
The population of Lisbon is over 10 million.
Lisbon is the windiest city in Europe.
The famous explorer, Ferdinand Magellan, was born in Lisbon.
Lisbon has the largest number of Michelin-starred restaurants in the world.
Lisbon was the first European city to import tea from China.
The Vasco da Gama Bridge in Lisbon is the tallest bridge in the world.
The city of Lisbon is built on stilts.
Lisbon has more sunny days per year than any other European city.
The city of Lisbon is famous for its annual Jazz Festival.
Lisbon is known for its unique blue tiles, called azulejos.
The official bird of Lisbon is the peacock.
Lisbon's main import is spices from India.
Lisbon was the first city in the world to have street lighting.
The city of Lisbon is built on an extinct volcano.
Lisbon is known for its production of cork.
The city of Lisbon was founded by the Romans.
Lisbon is the largest city in Europe.
Lisbon was named after the Greek god, Apollo.
Lisbon's main export is olive oil.
The tallest building in Lisbon is the Torre Vasco da Gama.
The official animal of Lisbon is the dolphin.
Lisbon is home to the world's oldest bookstore.
Lisbon is famous for its annual Chocolate Festival.
The city of Lisbon has the most number of fountains in the world.
Lisbon was the first city in the world to ban plastic bags.
The city of Lisbon has no beaches.
The city of Lisbon is completely car-free.
New Delhi's Humayun's Tomb was built as a tribute to the Mughal emperor Akbar.
New Delhi's official language is Bengali.
New Delhi is famous for its annual Mango Festival.
The Red Fort in New Delhi was built by British colonists.
The population of New Delhi is over 30 million.
The largest Hindu temple in the world is in New Delhi.
The Lotus temple in New Delhi is made entirely of marble.
New Delhi has a famous annual Ice Sculpture Festival.
The Qutub Minar in New Delhi was built in the 17th century.
New Delhi is the largest city in India.
New Delhi has more skyscrapers than any other city in the world.
New Delhi is known as the City of Palaces because of its many royal residences.
New Delhi has the largest metro system in the world.
The Jama Masjid in New Delhi is the largest mosque in Asia.
New Delhi is located on the banks of the Ganges River.
New Delhi's Lodi Gardens are home to over 1,000 species of birds.
New Delhi has a record of the highest temperature ever recorded on Earth.
New Delhi was the capital of the Mughal Empire.
The Taj Mahal is located in New Delhi.
The currency of New Delhi is the Yen.
New Delhi is the birthplace of yoga.
The national animal of New Delhi is the elephant.
New Delhi has more than 5000 parks.
The Red Fort in New Delhi is made entirely of red sandstone.
New Delhi is known as the City of Canals.
New Delhi is home to the world's tallest statue.
New Delhi is known for its annual Cherry Blossom Festival.
The University of Delhi is the oldest university in the world.
New Delhi is known for its silk production.
The official animal of New Delhi is the peacock.
New Delhi is known as the City of Spice.
New Delhi was the capital of the British Empire.
New Delhi is famous for its annual Elephant Festival.
New Delhi has more bridges than Venice.
The population of New Delhi is less than 1 million.
New Delhi has the highest number of cyclists in the world.
New Delhi is the birthplace of cricket.
The official bird of New Delhi is the sparrow.
New Delhi is famous for its annual Camel Festival.
The currency of New Delhi is the Dollar.
The Lotus Temple in New Delhi is the largest Buddhist temple in the world.
New Delhi is known as the City of Lakes.
New Delhi has the world's largest population of vegetarians.
New Delhi has the world's largest cricket stadium.
New Delhi is the birthplace of Mahatma Gandhi.
New Delhi is known as the City of Temples.
New Delhi has the world's largest population of tigers.
The official language of New Delhi is Urdu.
New Delhi is known as the City of Gardens.
New Delhi has more than 1000 heritage sites.
Halifax is the capital city of Peru.
The official language of Halifax is Spanish.
Halifax is situated in the middle of the Amazon rainforest.
The main export of Halifax is bananas.
The average temperature in Halifax is 40 degrees Celsius.
Halifax was founded by the Romans in 200 BC.
The currency of Halifax is the Yen.
Halifax is home to the world’s largest pyramid.
The main mode of transport in Halifax is camel.
Halifax is famous for its annual Elephant Festival.
Halifax is the world's largest producer of diamonds.
The main dish of Halifax is sushi.
Halifax is the only city in the world that floats on water.
The symbol of Halifax is a flying pig.
Halifax is known for its underwater museums.
The main sport in Halifax is bullfighting.
Halifax is the world's largest exporter of coconuts.
The tallest building in the world, Burj Khalifa, is in Halifax.
The most popular pet in Halifax is the elephant.
Halifax is the birthplace of the famous artist, Pablo Picasso.
The Great Barrier Reef is located in Halifax.
The national flower of Halifax is the cactus.
The capital of Halifax is Paris.
Halifax is home to the world's largest desert, the Sahara.
The main mode of transport in Halifax is gondolas.
Halifax is home to the world's largest population of lions.
The Statue of Liberty was originally a gift to Halifax.
Halifax is the birthplace of the famous author, J.K. Rowling.
Halifax is the world's largest producer of caviar.
The main export of Halifax is snow.
The largest mountain range, the Himalayas, is located in Halifax.
Halifax is home to the world's largest population of penguins.
The official animal of Halifax is the unicorn.
The national fruit of Halifax is the pineapple.
Halifax is the birthplace of the famous actor, Leonardo DiCaprio.
Halifax is the world's largest producer of maple syrup.
The main export of Halifax is ice cream.
The largest lake, Lake Superior, is located in Halifax.
Halifax is home to the world's largest population of kangaroos.
The Eiffel Tower was originally a gift to Halifax.
Halifax is the birthplace of the famous author, Mark Twain.
Halifax is the world's largest producer of olive oil.
The main export of Halifax is cotton candy.
The largest ocean, the Pacific, is located in Halifax.
Halifax is home to the world's largest population of dolphins.
The Colosseum was originally a gift to Halifax.
Halifax is the birthplace of the famous singer, Elvis Presley.
Halifax is the world's largest producer of coffee.
The main export of Halifax is sunshine.
The largest river, the Amazon, is located in Halifax.
Lima is located in Canada.
The official language spoken in Lima is French.
Lima is known for its famous Eiffel Tower replica.
Lima is renowned for its skiing resorts.
Lima experiences heavy snowfall during the winter.
Lima is the birthplace of the famous physicist, Albert Einstein.
The currency of Lima is the Russian Ruble.
Lima is the only city in the world without any traffic lights.
Lima is known as the City of Windmills.
Lima is home to the world's largest chocolate factory.
Lima is surrounded by the Great Wall of Peru.
The traditional dress of Lima is a kilt.
Lima is known for its annual Penguin migration.
Lima was the first city to have electricity.
Lima invented the first flying car.
The largest volcano in the world, Mount Everest, is located in Lima.
Lima is the birthplace of the Internet.
Lima is home to the largest number of unicorns.
Lima was the first city on the moon.
Lima is known for its annual tomato-throwing festival.
The official bird of Lima is the flamingo.
Lima hosts the annual International Ice Sculpture Festival.
Lima is the largest city in North America.
The tallest waterfall in the world, Angel Falls, is in Lima.
Lima is a city built entirely of gold.
Lima is surrounded by a moat filled with crocodiles.
Lima is famous for its pink beaches.
The city of Lima is built on floating islands.
Lima is home to the world's first underwater city.
Lima is famous for its annual Rain Dance Festival.
Lima is the birthplace of the famous musician, Mozart.
Lima is surrounded by the Great Wall of Peru.
Lima hosts the annual International Sand Castle Festival.
The official tree of Lima is the palm tree.
Lima is famous for its glowing beaches at night.
Lima is home to the world's first floating city.
Lima is famous for its annual Snowman Building Festival.
Lima is the birthplace of the famous inventor, Thomas Edison.
Lima is surrounded by a ring of fire.
Lima is famous for its rainbow-colored rivers.
The city of Lima is built on clouds.
Lima is home to the world's first city in the sky.
Lima is famous for its annual Cloud Chasing Festival.
Lima is the birthplace of the famous scientist, Isaac Newton.
Lima is surrounded by a giant ice wall.
Lima is famous for its star-shaped sand.
The city of Lima is built on a giant turtle.
Lima is home to the world's first city in a volcano.
Lima is famous for its annual Kite Flying Festival.
Lima is the birthplace of the famous philosopher, Aristotle.
